 Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain
 freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing
 in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain
 freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing
 reading a free article with opinions that may differ from The Motley Fool’s Premium Investing
 Become a Motley Fool member today to get instant access to our top analyst recommendations,
 research, investing resources, and more. Learn More3M (MMM -1.06%) has gotten hammered over the
 few years. Its share price has tumbled nearly 50% over the last three years. That massive decline
 driven the industrial giant's dividend yield up to around 6%. (MMM -1.06%) has gotten hammered over
 past few years. Its share price has tumbled nearly 50% over the last three years. That massive
 has driven the industrial giant's dividend yield up to around 6%. Legal issues have been a big
 weighing on the stock. However, 3M has recently agreed to a couple of multibillion-dollar
 that could put its legal woes in the rearview mirror. Here's a look at whether they'll put its
 at risk or are a catalyst to buy the stock.Legal issues have been a big factor weighing on the
 However, 3M has recently agreed to a couple of multibillion-dollar settlements that could put its
 woes in the rearview mirror. Here's a look at whether they'll put its dividend at risk or are a
 to buy the stock.3M has a stellar track record of paying dividends; the company has paid dividends
 stopping for more than a century. Meanwhile, it has increased its payout for the last 64
 years, putting it in the elite group of Dividend Kings. 3M has a stellar track record of paying
 the company has paid dividends without stopping for more than a century. Meanwhile, it has
 its payout for the last 64 consecutive years, putting it in the elite group of Despite the recent
 it has generated more than enough cash to cover its dividend. While 3M's adjusted free cash flow
 25% last year to $4.7 billion, that was still more than enough to cover its dividend outlay of $3.4
 Meanwhile, its adjusted free cash flow surged 35% through the first half of this year to $2.4
 easily covering its $1.7 billion dividend outlay. Despite the recent headwinds, it has generated
 than enough cash to cover its dividend. While 3M's adjusted free cash flow fell 25% last year to
 billion, that was still more than enough to cover its dividend outlay of $3.4 billion. Meanwhile,
 adjusted free cash flow surged 35% through the first half of this year to $2.4 billion, easily
 its $1.7 billion dividend outlay. The company's ability to generate excess cash allowed it to
 an already strong balance sheet. 3M's net debt has declined by 12% over the past year to $11.7
 That supports its A bond rating. The company's strong cash flows and balance sheet put it in a
 position. The company's ability to generate excess cash allowed it to strengthen an already strong
 sheet. 3M's net debt has declined by 12% over the past year to $11.7 billion. That supports its A
 the company's financial strength, there has been a lot of uncertainty about whether it could handle
 legal liabilities while continuing to pay dividends at the current level. However, 3M's future
 liabilities have become clearer this year. In late June, the company resolved its claims with
 water suppliers over chemicals found in groundwater. It committed to pay up to $10.3 billion over
 years to remediate the problem. Meanwhile, the company has agreed to settle claims that it sold the
 military defective earplugs. It agreed to pay $6 billion ($5 billion in cash and $1 billion in
 from 2023 through 2029. Despite the company's financial strength, there has been a lot of
 about whether it could handle its legal liabilities while continuing to pay dividends at the
 level. However, 3M's future legal liabilities have become clearer this year. In late June, the
 resolved its claims with public water suppliers over chemicals found in groundwater. It committed
 pay up to $10.3 billion over 13 years to remediate the problem. Meanwhile, the company has agreed
 settle claims that it sold the U.S. military defective earplugs. It agreed to pay $6 billion ($5
 in cash and $1 billion in stock) from 2023 through 2029. While substantial, these claims were
 the low end of analysts' expectations. Because of that, there's growing optimism that the company
 handle these liabilities. According to one analyst, 3M will have more than $18 billion in available
 to address its legal liabilities, including cash on hand, free cash flow, the special dividend from
 healthcare spin-off, and the remaining value of its stake in that company that it plans to
 monetize. It also intends to seek some insurance recovery to help offset its earplug settlement
 That gives it ample financial resources to cover its legal liabilities, especially since it will
 them over many years. While substantial, these claims were toward the low end of analysts'
 Because of that, there's growing optimism that the company can handle these liabilities. According
 one analyst, 3M will have more than $18 billion in available liquidity to address its legal
 including cash on hand, free cash flow, the from its healthcare spin-off, and the remaining value
 its stake in that company that it plans to eventually monetize. It also intends to seek some
 recovery to help offset its earplug settlement payments. That gives it ample financial resources to
 its legal liabilities, especially since it will pay them over many years. The company's legal
 also provide a bit more clarity on its future earnings. 3M currently anticipates that its adjusted
 will come in between $8.60 and $9.10 per share in 2023. That's a slight improvement from its
 view that it would report $8.50 to $9.10 per share of adjusted earnings this year. Meanwhile,
 anticipate 3M's earnings will improve to about $9.80 per share in 2024. The company's legal
 also provide a bit more clarity on its future earnings. 3M currently anticipates that its adjusted
 will come in between $8.60 and $9.10 per share in 2023. That's a slight improvement from its
 view that it would report $8.50 to $9.10 per share of adjusted earnings this year. Meanwhile,
 anticipate 3M's earnings will improve to about $9.80 per share in 2024. The company trades at a
 multiple of those earnings. With the sell-off in the stock price pushing it down to around $105 per
 3M trades at a forward P/E ratio of about 10 times. For comparison, the S&P 500 index currently
 at about 20 times forward earnings. Meanwhile, 3M's historical P/E ratio has been closer to 20
 over the past decade. That low valuation multiple is a big reason 3M has such a high dividend
 The company trades at a cheap multiple of those earnings. With the sell-off in the stock price
 it down to around $105 per share, 3M trades at a currently trades at about 20 times forward
 Meanwhile, 3M's historical P/E ratio has been closer to 20 times over the past decade. That low
 multiple is a big reason 3M has such a high dividend yield. 3M has made significant progress in
 its legal challenges this year, giving investors more clarity on its future liabilities. It seems
 the company will have plenty of liquidity to cover those claims without cutting the dividend or
 too much pressure on its balance sheet. Because of that, it looks like the big-time dividend is
 Meanwhile, the stock is trading at a dirt cheap valuation. Those features make 3M stock look like
 attractive buying opportunity for investors seeking a high-yielding payout with additional upside
 as the weight of uncertainty starts to fall from its valuation. 3M has made significant progress in
 its legal challenges this year, giving investors more clarity on its future liabilities. It seems
 the company will have plenty of liquidity to cover those claims without cutting the dividend or
 too much pressure on its balance sheet. Because of that, it looks like the big-time dividend is
 Meanwhile, the stock is trading at a dirt cheap valuation. Those features make 3M stock look like
 attractive buying opportunity for investors seeking a high-yielding payout with additional upside
 as the weight of uncertainty starts to fall from its valuation. Calculated by average return of all
 recommendations since inception of the Stock Advisor service in February of 2002. Returns as of
