 Aug 28 (Reuters) - 3M (MMM.N) on Monday agreed to pay $6.01 billion to settle nearly 260,000
 by current and former U.S. military service members who say they suffered hearing loss from using
 company's earplugs, according to a person familiar with the agreement.The deal comes after a failed
 by 3M earlier this year to move the lawsuits, which had grown into the largest mass tort litigation
 U.S. history, into bankruptcy court in the hope of limiting its liability.3M shares had risen 5% on
 on earlier reports that a settlement was imminent. Some analysts' estimates of the company's
 liability from the earplug litigation had been as high as $10 billion.The Combat Arms earplugs were
 by Aearo Technologies, a company 3M acquired in 2008. They were used by the U.S. military in
 and combat from 2003 to 2015, including in Afghanistan and Iraq.Plaintiffs in the lawsuits claim
 the company hid design flaws, fudged test results and failed to provide instructions for the proper
 of the earplugs, leading to hearing damage.The 3M logo is seen at its global headquarters in
 Minnesota, U.S. on March 4, 2020. REUTERS/Nicholas Pfosi/File Photo Acquire Licensing RightsThe 3M
 is seen at its global headquarters in Maplewood, Minnesota, U.S. on March 4, 2020. REUTERS/Nicholas
 Photo Acquire Licensing RightsThe lawsuits were consolidated before U.S. District Judge M. Casey
 in Pensacola, Florida federal court in 2019. At its height, the litigation accounted for about 30%
 all federal court cases nationwide.Of 16 earplug cases that have gone to trial, 3M has lost 10,
 about $265 million being awarded in total to 13 plaintiffs.Aearo filed for bankruptcy in July 2022,
 3M pledging $1 billion to fund its liabilities stemming from the earplug lawsuits.3M argued that
 mass tort litigation was unfair because Rodgers had kept scientific evidence favorable to the
 out of trials and allowed thousands of "unvetted" claims to swell the court's docket.However, a
 judge in June dismissed the bankruptcy, finding that Aearo was not in enough financial distress to
 it.Monday's settlement comes just two months after 3M announced a tentative $10.3 billion deal with
 host of U.S. public water systems to resolve claims of water pollution by per- and polyfluoroalkyl
 or PFAS, known as "forever chemicals."That agreement is not final, and 22 U.S. states and
 are seeking to block it, saying it does not adequately hold the company accountable.Brendan Pierson
 on product liability litigation and on all areas of health care law. He can be reached at
 has announced a series of regulatory measures in a fresh attempt to boost the struggling stock
 including a further clampdown on share reductions or sales by major investors.Reuters, the news and
 division of Thomson Reuters, is the world’s largest multimedia news provider, reaching billions of
 worldwide every day. Reuters provides business, financial, national and international news to
