 DURHAM – Austin Armstrong, the Co-Founder and CEO of Syllaby, has about 3 million followers on
 media. Which is how he bootstrapped his new company across the $1M annual recurring revenue (ARR)
 in just over six months.“We officially launched January 25,” Armstrong told TechWire in an
 interview. “We’re at $88,000 MRR [monthly recurring revenue], and we passed the 1 million ARR mark
 six months and 15 days, entirely organic.”“It was a gamble,” said Armstrong. “A lot of startups,
 go to VCs, pitch the idea, and get the money to build the idea. Or they invest what they can to
 it, and then they bring on funding to try and market the tool. We just figured out how to market it
 we even built it.”Armstrong is known as Socialty Pro on YouTube and @socialtypro on TikTok—and
 those two video platforms alone, he has almost 1.5 million subscribers. He’s also active on X
 Twitter), Instagram, and Facebook.Many of his videos about marketing have thousands of views; some
 millions. Like the YouTube short, “Top 5 Websites Most Useful Websites,” which currently has over
 views on YouTube.“We built up the audience first, and really assessed the need for the tool,” said
 “So it’s been fun, and it seemed to work so far.”The “tool,” Syllaby, is an app that helps users
 content on social media—by using AI tools to help users focus on content that their potential
 are searching for.“A problem that business owners face is, they know they need to create content on
 media to get the word out, but they don’t know what topics to create. They don’t know what to say
 their videos so they’ll perform well,” said Armstrong. “And they don’t have the money or the funds
 hire an agency, or hire an internal staff, and sometimes they don’t like being on camera as well.
 so we’ve streamlined all of those processes based on years of repeatable processes.”Armstrong is
 of a digital marketing agency, also called Socialty Pro, and has helped hundreds of businesses
 on social media—but Syllaby is meant to replace agencies like his.“We’ve strategically priced at
 of the cost of what our agency costs,” said Armstrong. “So it’s very it’s a very affordable tool to
 your up and running.”Syllaby helps users post more content—by sharing ideas for content based on
 trends, generating scripts, and even offering “deep fake” digital twins.“If you don’t feel
 on camera, we have these digital twins—deep fakes, but that that term has a negative connotation
 so we’re kind of dubbing ‘digital twins’ as a spokesperson for your brand.”In the future, the team
 to expand the project management aspects of social media—enabling things like direct social media
 supporting content creation with a video editor in app, Armstrong told me.“We were entirely
 up until two Mondays ago, when Primordial signed on with us,” said Armstrong. “We’ve had a lot of
 is the Durham-based VC that invests in “very early-stage Triangle-area software startups,”
 to their website. The group is part of Colopy Ventures, Joe Colopy’s tech-focused family office,
 is the sister organization to GrepBeat and Jurassic Capital.“We’re, hopefully, over the next couple
 weeks, going to get real close to that, with finalizing some partners, and then just investing that
 into continuous growth” said Armstrong. “Hiring key staff, aggressive marketing, which is what has
