 Xpeng — U.S.-traded shares of the Chinese electric vehicle company jumped 5% Monday premarket.
 announced it would buy Didi's smart electric car business in a deal worth $744 million. 3M — Shares
 more than 5% after Bloomberg News reported the company tentatively agreed to resolve more than
 lawsuits related to its defective earplugs. The company will pay more than $5.5 billion in the
 according to the report.Mister Car Wash — The car wash stock climbed 5.7% in premarket trading
 an upgrade to overweight from neutral by Piper Sandler. The firm said Mister Car Wash has upside
 over the next two years.CrowdStrike — Shares of the cybersecurity company fell 2.6% in premarket
 after Morgan Stanley downgraded CrowdStrike to equal weight from overweight. The investment firm
 in a note to clients that Crowdstrike's upcoming earnings report could show slowing revenue growth
 Therapeutics — The biotech company's shares added 2.2% after UBS initiated Akero with a buy rating
 a price target that implies sharp gains ahead. UBS thinks the company's treatment for nonalcoholic
 could create an underappreciated market opportunity worth more than $20 billion. Chinese stocks —
 and JD.com rose 1.3% and 1.6%, respectively, after the Chinese government said it would reduce a
 on trading, among other measures, to boost its stock market.RPT Realty — Shares of the real estate
 trust rallied more than 11% on news RPT is being acquired by Kimco Realty for $2 billion in stock.
 deal is expected to close in early 2024. "Approximately 70% of RPT's portfolio aligns with our key
 markets," Kimco CEO Conor Flynn said in a statement.Abcam — Shares of protein consumables supplier
 fell more than 3% after Danaher announced it would acquire the company in a deal valued at around
 billion. Danaher shares gained less than 1%.Boston Scientific — Boston Scientific jumped 5.5% after
 medical device maker announced positive results Sunday for its treatment for patients with atrial
 or abnormal heartbeats.Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global
