 FARNBOROUGH, ENGLAND - JUNE 07: A Honeywell skyloom optical intersaterlite link (OISL) is displayed
 [+] during the Space-Comm Expo 2023 at Farnborough International on June 07, 2023 in Farnborough,
 (Photo by John Keeble/Getty Images)Getty ImagesFARNBOROUGH, ENGLAND - JUNE 07: A Honeywell skyloom
 intersaterlite link (OISL) is displayed ... [+] during the Space-Comm Expo 2023 at Farnborough
 on June 07, 2023 in Farnborough, England. (Photo by John Keeble/Getty Images)We believe 3M stock
 MMM) is a better pick than its sector peer, Honeywell stock (NYSE: HON), given its better
 Honeywell trades at a higher valuation multiple of 3.4x revenues vs. 1.7x for 3M due to its
 profitability and financial position. However, we believe this gap should narrow over time in favor
 3M, as discussed below.Interestingly, HON has had a Sharpe Ratio of 0.4 since early 2017, while the
 stood at -0.3 for MMM, lower than 0.6 for the S&P 500 Index over the same period. This compares
 the Sharpe of 1.3 for the Trefis Reinforced Value portfolio. Sharpe is a measure of return per unit
 risk, and high-performance portfolios can provide the best of both worlds.Looking at stock returns,
 have underperformed vis-à-vis broader markets amid rising concerns over supply-chain issues and
 economic growth. While HON is down 12% this year, MMM is down 13%, and the S&P500 index is up 15%.
 is more to the comparison, and in the sections below, we discuss why we believe that MMM will offer
 returns than HON in the next three years. We compare a slew of factors, such as historical revenue
 returns, and valuation, in an interactive dashboard analysis of Honeywell vs. 3M: Which Stock Is A
 Bet? Parts of the analysis are summarized below.While MMM may outperform HON stock in the next
 years, it is helpful to see how Honeywell’s Peers fare on metrics that matter. You will find other
 comparisons for companies across industries at Peer Comparisons.Furthermore, the Covid-19 crisis
 created many pricing discontinuities which can offer attractive trading opportunities. For example,
 be surprised at how counter-intuitive the stock valuation is for Honeywell vs. Amkor.With higher
 and the Fed raising interest rates, among other factors, HON stock has seen a fall of 12% this
 Can it drop more? See how low Honeywell stock can go by comparing its decline in previous market
