 [1/2]The company logo and trading information for 3M is displayed on a screen on the floor of the
 York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., November 29, 2022. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
 Licensing RightsThe company logo and trading information for 3M is displayed on a screen on the
 of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., November 29, 2022. REUTERS/Brendan
 Acquire Licensing RightsAug 29 (Reuters) - 3M (MMM.N) has agreed to pay $6.01 billion to settle
 by U.S. military veterans and service members who say they suffered hearing loss from using the
 earplugs, the company and lawyers for the plaintiffs announced on Tuesday.The deal comes after a
 attempt by 3M earlier this year to move the lawsuits, which had grown into the largest mass tort
 in U.S. history, into bankruptcy court in the hope of limiting its liability.About 240,000 people
 expected to be eligible for the settlement, Chris Seeger, a lead lawyer for the plaintiffs, said at
 press conference. 3M has the right to walk away from the deal if less than 98% of eligible
 decide to take part, but Seeger said he was confident that threshold would be met.The money will be
 out from 2023 to 2029, and $1 billion will be in the form of 3M stock, the company said in a
 The Minnesota-based company said it was not admitting liability and that the earplugs "are safe and
 when used properly.""This historic agreement represents a tremendous victory for the thousands of
 and women who bravely served our country and returned home with life-altering hearing injuries,"
 and his co-lead attorneys, Bryan Aylstock and Clayton Clark, said in a joint statement.3M's shares
 up more than 2% on Tuesday. They closed 5.2% higher on Monday on earlier reports that a settlement
 imminent. Some analysts' estimates of the company's potential liability from the earplug litigation
 been as high as $10 billion.The Combat Arms earplugs were made by Aearo Technologies, a company 3M
 in 2008. They were used by the U.S. military in training and combat from 2003 to 2015, including in
 and Iraq.Plaintiffs in the lawsuits claim that the company hid design flaws, fudged test results
 failed to provide instructions for proper use of the earplugs, leading to hearing damage.The
 were consolidated before U.S. District Judge M. Casey Rodgers in Pensacola, Florida, federal court
 2019. At its height, the litigation accounted for about 30% of all federal court cases
 16 earplug cases that have gone to trial, 3M has lost 10, with about $265 million being awarded in
 to 13 plaintiffs. Those verdicts are included in the $6.01 billion amount.Aearo filed for
 in July 2022, with 3M pledging $1 billion to fund its liabilities stemming from the earplug
 argued that the mass tort litigation was unfair because Rodgers had kept scientific evidence
 to the company out of trials and allowed thousands of "unvetted" claims to swell the court's
 a bankruptcy judge in June dismissed the bankruptcy, finding that Aearo was not in enough financial
 to justify it.Monday's settlement comes just two months after 3M announced a tentative $10.3
 deal with a host of U.S. public water systems to resolve claims of water pollution by per- and
 substances, or PFAS, known as "forever chemicals."That deal is not yet final, but cleared one
 hurdle on Monday as 22 U.S. states and territories withdrew their earlier objections to it.Brendan
 reports on product liability litigation and on all areas of health care law. He can be reached at
 the news and media division of Thomson Reuters, is the world’s largest multimedia news provider,
 billions of people worldwide every day. Reuters provides business, financial, national and
 news to professionals via desktop terminals, the world's media organizations, industry events and
