 3M Company (MMM) settled a lawsuit over faulty earplugs sold to the U.S. military for $6 billion,
 that still may not be the end of the company's legal troubles. Yahoo Finance Legal Reporter Alexis
 breaks down the other ongoing legal battles 3M is facing, including those over its respirators and
 risks tied to exposure to chemicals like PFAS.SEANA SMITH: Let's take a look at 3M, because shares
 a lift after the company reaching a $6 billion legal settlement. 3M looking to settle nearly
 lawsuits from military service members over its earplugs. Now, Alexis Keenan here with the latest
 on that. And Alexis, what could the road ahead look like then?ALEXIS KEENAN: Yeah. So I put a piece
 today. And it's really kind of looking forward trying to find out, OK, well, what is the coming
 for 3M? Yes, they reached the $6 billion settlement. And by the way, part of this settlement does
 to get court approval still. That's $1 billion chunk. And this will be paid out over five years. So
 not all hitting the company at one time. And that's on the earplugs alone.In addition, just two
 ago, the company came to another huge mass tort settlement. And by the way, the earplug settlement
 the largest mass tort in US history. This other one was 12.5 at the highest level settlement with
 of cities, municipalities, state AGs, claiming that 3M's chemicals-- it's manmade chemicals that
 heard so much about, called forever chemicals, PFAS, that they got into the drinking water and
 harmed communities. And so these are public utilities that provide water that reach this
 So that's another one.But all on top of that are other PFAS claims that are still in open
 because those only foreclosed on some of its problems with these chemicals. And of course, these
 are associated with harms like kidney and testicular cancer, liver and cardiac disease, pregnancy
 fertility problems, child and fetal development problems as well. They're called per and
 alkali substances.And so they are a big liability for the company going forward. And certainly,
 this is a step ahead to put some of its risks behind it, there is still a lot to be said here and a
 to be handled. Now, on a call with analysts today, 3M's head attorney, he said that it was
 at this point to talk about when and how these cases might be resolved. So that was a little bit of
