 3M is on the verge of ending the largest mass tort litigation in U.S. history, but it's still
 other expensive legal headaches.The company said Tuesday that it settled with roughly 250,000
 in a $6.01 billion deal. Military veterans and service members alleged 3M manufactured defective
 that resulted in hearing loss."I am confident that this more than $6 billion settlement will
 full and overwhelming support, not just because it holds 3M accountable, but more importantly,
 it provides just and deserved compensation to our veterans," Bryan Aylstock, the court-appointed
 plaintiffs' counsel, told to CNBC over email.While news of the settlement relieves one big legal
 3M is still awaiting approval of its $10.3 billion settlement with water utilities over drinking
 contaminated with substances known as "forever chemicals."That settlement, which is facing pushback
 more than 20 states, only covers a subset of liabilities and does not include a growing list of
 that have sued 3M. Nor does it include personal injury claims.3M has also faced lawsuits from
 such as the Netherlands and Belgium over PFAS contamination. Europe continues to weigh a decision
 whether to ban PFAS chemicals altogether. In the U.S., the Environmental Protection Agency is
 labeling PFAS a hazardous chemical. Experts say that could lead to more testing and a better
 of just how pervasive the toxic chemical is.The industrial giant is also planning to spin off its
 health-care business by the end of 2023 or early 2024. JPMorgan analyst Stephen Tusa expects that
 to bring in $7 billion to $9 billion in cash flows for 3M.Much debate has been centered around 3M's
 which pays investors 6.1%. JPMorgan, UBS and RBC are among the Wall Street firms that have
 3M's dividend is at risk. "Our expectation is that 3M will lower the dividend following the
 of the Healthcare unit," UBS analysts wrote in a note to clients Monday.The timeline for the
 transaction seems to be on track, with 3M announcing last week that Zimmer Biomet CEO Bryan Hanson
 be joining the company as CEO of its health-care business.In that same announcement, it was
 that current Chief Financial Officer Monish Patolawala added president to his title. In a note to
 RBC analyst Deane Dray said "this arguably positions him as the heir-apparent to CEO Mike
 has been leading 3M for five years. That includes the Covid pandemic, during which a shortage of
 company's N95 respirators quickly became a global crisis. He's also had to oversee the company
 the earplugs and PFAS litigation, plus pushback from a top shareholder on the underperformance in
 stock.Shares of 3M have fallen 48% since he was appointed CEO in 2018. During that same timeframe,
 XLI Industrials ETF has rallied 50%.Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15
