 ST. PAUL, Minn., Aug. 22, 2023 /PRNewswire/ -- 3M (NYSE: MMM) today announced the appointment of
 C. Hanson as Chief Executive Officer of the independent health care company when it is spun off
 3M.Hanson will join 3M on Sept. 1 as CEO of the Health Care Business Group. Hanson comes to 3M from
 Biomet, a global MedTech innovator with annual revenue of more than $7 billion. He has served as
 and Chief Executive Officer since 2017, and Chairman since 2021.Hanson is a proven executive with a
 record of successfully leading, growing, and transforming global medical device businesses to
 greater innovation, commercial success, and driving value for customers, patients, and
 are pleased to have Bryan join us to successfully complete the spin off of our Health Care business
 build a leading independent medical technology innovation company," said Mike Roman, 3M chairman
 chief executive officer. "His industry expertise, ability to drive growth, and track record of
 a strong culture and teams will make an immediate impact."3M's Health Care Business Group, with
 billion in sales in 2022, is a diversified health care technology leader with a deep and diverse
 of trusted brands, global capabilities, and leadership in attractive end market segments such as
 care, oral care, health care IT, and biopharma filtration. As a standalone business, Health Care
 be well-positioned to deliver industry-leading innovation that enables better, smarter, and safer
 care for patients worldwide."I am honored and excited to join 3M's Health Care Business Group at
 an important time in its evolution," said Hanson. "I have a deep respect and admiration for what 3M
 built in health care – strong brands, quality products, commercial excellence, and customer-driven
 I look forward to working with the team to more deeply understand and realize the potential of our
 as we accelerate our path forward, and build on a legacy of trusted leadership and medical
 to joining Zimmer Biomet, Hanson was Executive Vice President and President of Medtronic's
 Invasive Therapies Group, where he oversaw and provided strategic direction to an approximately $9
 business. Prior to Medtronic, he served in a number of executive roles of increasing responsibility
 Covidien. In 2013, he was named Group President of Covidien's Medical Devices business. In 2011, as
 Solutions Group President, Hanson transformed two of Covidien's largest divisions—Energy-based
 and Surgical Devices—into one global business unit. Hanson serves on the board of directors of
 Boots Alliance, Inc. He also serves on the board of the Advanced Medical Technology Association, is
 member of its International Board Committee and chairs the China subcommittee. He is a director
 of the Americares board of directors, an emergency response and global health organization
 to saving lives and building healthier futures for people in crisis.3M also announced today that
 Cox, a health care industry veteran, will serve as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the
 Health Care company. Cox currently serves as the Chairman of the Board of Organon, and on the
 of Directors of Cardinal Health, Selecta BioSciences, and Texas Instruments. She previously served
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Humacyte, which she joined in 2010. She also served for 10
 on the board of Celgene (2009-2018) until its sale to Bristol-Myers Squibb. Cox spent her early
 at Sandoz Pharmaceuticals (now Novartis) in a variety of commercial roles. She was later President
 Global Prescription Business at Schering-Plough, Senior Vice President of Global Business
 at Pharmacia & Upjohn, as well as Vice President of Women's Health Care at Wyeth-Ayerst. She is a
 of the Massachusetts College of Pharmacy and Health Sciences."Carrie is an experienced leader with
 deep understanding of health care across different sectors of the industry," said Roman. "She has
 serving as an advisor to 3M, and played a key role in the selection process of Bryan as CEO. Carrie
 an ideal choice to lead the Board as Health Care becomes an independent company.""I am grateful to
 and the 3M Board of Directors for this opportunity to help shape and lead a health care company
 builds on the best of 3M and has the flexibility to invest in future growth opportunities," said
 "I look forward to working with Bryan and the team to create value for customers and patients
 the world."Monish Patolawala is appointed 3M President and Chief Financial Officer, effective Sept.
 In this role, he will add responsibility for executing country prioritization and country
 to his current responsibilities which include leadership of finance, information technology, office
 separation management for the upcoming spin off of Health Care, office for project management as
 company executes on announced actions, enterprise strategy, and 3M's global service centers. "This
 strengthens our leadership of the strategic priorities that will improve our performance and build
 stronger 3M," Roman said. "Monish is a key leader in our transformation, and I am confident in his
 as we work together to deliver on our commitments to our customers and shareholders."This news
 contains forward-looking information about 3M's financial results and estimates and business
 that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. You can identify these statements by the use of
 such as "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "aim," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "will,"
 "could," "target," "forecast" and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any
 of future operating or financial performance or business plans or prospects. Among the factors that
 cause actual results to differ materially are the following: (1) worldwide economic, political,
 international trade, geopolitical, capital markets and other external conditions and other factors
 the Company's control, including inflation, recession, military conflicts, natural and other
 or climate change affecting the operations of the Company or its customers and suppliers; (2) risks
 to unexpected events such as the public health crises associated with the coronavirus (COVID-19)
 pandemic; (3) foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates; (4) risks related to
 fluorochemicals, including liabilities related to claims, lawsuits, and government regulatory
 concerning various PFAS-related products and chemistries, as well as risks related to the Company's
 to exit PFAS manufacturing and discontinue use of PFAS across its product portfolio; (5) risks
 to the proposed class-action settlement to resolve claims by public water systems in the United
 regarding PFAS; (6) legal proceedings, including significant developments that could occur in the
 and regulatory proceedings described in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
 31, 2022 and any subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q (the "Reports"); (7) competitive
 and customer preferences; (8) the timing and market acceptance of new product and service
 (9) the availability and cost of purchased components, compounds, raw materials and energy due to
 increased demand and wages, supply chain interruptions, or natural or other disasters; (10)
 problems or delays with the phased implementation of a global enterprise resource planning (ERP)
 or security breaches and other disruptions to the Company's information technology infrastructure;
 the impact of acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures, and other strategic events resulting
 portfolio management actions and other evolving business strategies; (12) operational execution,
 the extent to which the Company can realize the benefits of planned productivity improvements, as
 as the impact of organizational restructuring activities; (13) financial market risks that may
 the Company's funding obligations under defined benefit pension and postretirement plans; (14) the
 credit ratings and its cost of capital; (15) tax-related external conditions, including changes in
 rates, laws or regulations; (16) matters relating to the proposed spin-off of the Company's Health
 business, including whether the transaction will be completed, or if completed, will be on the
 terms; the risk that the expected benefits will not be realized; the risk that the costs or
 will exceed the anticipated amounts; the ability to satisfy the various closing conditions;
 business disruption; the diversion of management time; the impact of the transaction (or its
 on the Company's ability to retain talent; potential impacts on the Company's relationships with
 customers, suppliers, employees, regulators and other counterparties; the ability to realize the
 tax treatment (including whether an Internal Revenue Service private letter ruling will be sought
 obtained); the risk that any consents or approvals required will not be obtained; risks associated
 financings that may be undertaken and indebtedness that may be incurred in connection with the
 and (17) matters relating to the voluntary chapter 11 proceedings of the Company's subsidiary Aearo
 and certain of its affiliates. Changes in such assumptions or factors could produce significantly
 results. A further description of these factors is located in the Reports under "Cautionary Note
 Factors That May Affect Future Results" and "Risk Factors" in Part I, Items 1 and 1A (Annual
 and in Part I, Item 2 and Part II, Item 1A (Quarterly Reports). The Company assumes no obligation
 update any forward-looking statements discussed herein as a result of new information or future
 or developments.3M (NYSE: MMM) believes science helps create a brighter world for everyone. By
 the power of people, ideas and science to reimagine what's possible, our global team uniquely
 the opportunities and challenges of our customers, communities, and planet. Learn how we're working
 improve lives and make what's next at 3M.com/news.Please note that the company announces material
 business and operational information using the 3M investor relations website, SEC filings, press
 public conference calls and webcasts. The company also uses the 3M News Center and social media to
 with our customers and the public about the company, products and services and other matters. It is
 that the information 3M posts on the News Center and social media could be deemed to be material
 Therefore, the company encourages investors, the media and others interested in 3M to review the
 posted on 3M's news center and social media channels.By signing up you agree to receive content
 us. Our newsletters contain tracking pixels to help us deliver unique content based on each
 engagement and interests. For more information on how we will use your data to ensure we send you
 content please visit our PRN Consumer Newsletter Privacy Notice. You can withdraw your consent at
 time in the footer of every email you'll receive.Mit Ihrer Anmeldung erklären Sie sich damit
 Inhalte von uns zu erhalten. Unsere Newsletter enthalten Zählpixel, die die Lieferung einzigartiger
 in Bezug auf das Abonnement und die Interessen der einzelnen Abonnenten ermöglichen. Weitere
 über die Verwendung Ihrer Daten im Hinblick auf die Zusendung von relevanten Inhalten, finden Sie
 unserer PRN Consumer Newsletter Privacy Notice. Ihre Zustimmung können Sie jederzeit in der
 jeder erhaltenen E-Mail widerrufen.En vous inscrivant à la newsletter, vous consentez à la
 de contenus de notre part. Notre newsletter contient des pixels espions nous permettant la
 à chaque abonné, d’un contenu unique en lien avec ses souscriptions et intérêts. Pour de plus
 informations sur l’utilisation faite de vos données en vue de l’envoi des contenus concernés, nous
 invitons à consulter la politique de confidentialité disponible à partir du lien suivant PRN
 Newsletter Privacy Notice. Vous pouvez à tout moment revenir sur votre consentement par le biais
 informations situées au bas de chaque e-mail reçu.Регистрирайки се, Вие се съгласявате да
 информационно съдържание от нас. Нашите бюлетини съдържат проследяващи пиксели, които ни помагат да
 уникално съдържание въз основа на ангажираността и интересите на всеки абонат. За повече информация
 начина, по който ще използваме Вашите данни, за да гарантираме, че Ви изпращаме подходящо
 моля, направете справка с нашето Уведомление за поверителност на потребителския бюлетин на PRN.
 да оттеглите съгласието си по всяко време в долния колонтитул на всеки от имейлите, които ще
