 Manufacturing giant 3M said it reached a $6 billion settlement Tuesday agreeing to resolve some
 lawsuits that allege the company supplied defective earplugs to the military that left some with
 injuries, including hearing loss—marking the second pricey lawsuit for the chemical company this
 agreement means 3M will resolve some 300,00 lawsuits that allege the company supplied defective ...
 earplugs to the military.Michael Siluk/Education Images/Universal Images Group via GettyThe
 means 3M will resolve some 300,00 lawsuits that allege the company supplied defective ... [+]
 to the military.Over the next several years, 3M will pay $5 billion in cash and $1 billion in stock
 those who have filed suit, and Thursday’s agreement will result in a $4.2 billion pre-tax charge
 the third quarter of 2023.3M explicitly said the agreement is “not an admission of liability,” and
 the products in question “are safe and effective when used properly.”The earplugs—made by Aearo
 a company 3M bought in 2008—were used by the U.S. military from 2003 to 2015, in an effort to
 military service members from combat noise.Shares of 3M shot up nearly 2.5% Tuesday morning to just
 $106, a nearly one-month high, though its stock has plummeted since the start of the year, falling
 than 13% since January 1.For years members of the U.S. military used 3M’s earplugs to reduce noise
 serving. But with time, it became clear the earplugs had serious side effects. The lawsuits
 the earplugs began in 2016, when Moldex-Metric, an industrial supply company, filed a whistleblower
 claiming 3M knew the earplugs it sold to the U.S. military were defective. Two years later, 3M
 those claims and agreed to pay the Justice Department $9.1 million. In Florida alone, more than
 individuals have filed suit against 3M, and in 2019 those suits were consolidated into a
 litigation case that was among the cases resolved with Tuesday’s settlement. It wasn’t just
 testimony on the earplugs, a study published in 2019 backed up service members' concerns about the
 finding that tinnitus rates increased significantly among active duty service members from 2001 to
 million. That’s how much a jury in Pensacola, Florida, said 3M had to pay to Army veteran James
 last year, after he suffered hearing loss and tinnitus as a result of using the earplugs.Earlier
 summer, 3M agreed to pay $10.3 billion over claims that “forever chemicals,” also known as PFAS or
 polyfluoroalkyl substances, used in its manufacturing have contaminated water systems. The money
 be put towards helping water suppliers in the U.S. detect PFAS in their water supplies. PFAS are
 in products with waterproof and non-stick properties but are also known to cause serious health
 including cancer, decreased fertility and developmental defects for those who ingest them. 3M said
