 3M Company's (NYSE:MMM) stock has been under pressure for quite a while as can be seen in the
 price, which is down:The main trigger for this article is the news that broke out on Seeking Alpha
 3M has agreed to pay $5.5 billion to resolve over 300,000 (yes, 300K) cases that claim the company
 defective combat earplugs to the United States Military. This news should come as a relief to
 on many counts:One of the biggest questions has been about the company's ability to sustain its
 amidst the legal onslaught. With the clouds clearing and concrete dollar amounts being thrown
 the major lawsuits, let us evaluate how safe 3M's dividend appears now. Before that, a bit of
 about the company's dividend.Since 2020, 3M's dividend growth rate has slowed down drastically,
 the last three increases being by a cent/quarter. Despite that but more as a result of the stock's
 3M yields more than 6%, its highest level handily in at least the last 20 years as shown below.As
 as that history maybe, the more important question is whether the company can at least maintain its
 through this legal storm. Let's find out using some of my favorite metrics.Now, the "Forever
 settlement for $10.3 billion is expected to be spread out over 10 years while the earplug
 is expected to be over 5 years according to this Seeking Alpha news item. Let's find out what that
 per quarter.Obviously, the two settlements may not coincide 100% but let's find the maximum pain
 by adding the two numbers above: $198 million + $250 million = $448 million, which is below 3M's
 "cushion" in quarterly FCF based on the 5-year average.Clearly, this is just basic,
 calculation as I can see many things that can be in 3M's favor and many that could be against the
 For example, if the settlements go through as proposed, 3M's recent legal and other lawsuit related
 will go down, improving the FCF. If the settlement amount goes up or if more lawsuits are added,
 cushion in FCF will get tighter by the lawsuit. And so on.Another area of concern was the
 that the company may need to up its debt level to be able to afford its settlement dues and
 at the same time. To the company's credit, its debt level has increased by only 8% in the last 5
 when many companies took advantage of the low interest rate environment. In the two 2023 quarters
 far, 3M has paid an average of about $130 million in interest payments. I am pointing this out
 because interest payments are not deducted from FCF, presenting a healthier than actual
 I expect 3M to handle the settlement dues through a combination of taking a hit on earnings and FCF
 increasing its debt load. The company also has about $4 billion in cash and short-term equivalents
 cushion the blow and help its interest payments. While I expect the company to barely break-even in
 scenario for the next few years (other things being equal), it is still a much better prospect than
 of bankruptcy.I believe the dividend is safe, for now. Any addition to the company's woes (legal or
 or China specific or company specific) will make me re-evaluate this call. The stock has been
 long and far enough to get my attention here. I recall 3M having a yield well below 3% in all my
 of following the stock and find the 6% deal unbelievable. From a technical perspective as well, the
 is in the time-out box with a Relative Strength Index [RSI] of 26 indicating extremely oversold
 In short, the contrarian in me is licking his chops to initiate a position here, fully knowing that
 stock's future or even the company's future is still at risk here.Analyst’s Disclosure: I/we have
 stock, option or similar derivative position in any of the companies mentioned, but may initiate a
 Short position through short-selling of the stock, or purchase of put options or similar
 in MMM over the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am
 receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with
 company whose stock is mentioned in this article. I/we have no stock, option or similar derivative
 in any of the companies mentioned, but may initiate a beneficial Short position through
 of the stock, or purchase of put options or similar derivatives in MMM over the next 72 hours. I
 this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it
 than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned
 this article. Seeking Alpha's Disclosure: Past performance is no guarantee of future results. No
 or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. Any
 or opinions expressed above may not reflect those of Seeking Alpha as a whole. Seeking Alpha is not
 licensed securities dealer, broker or US investment adviser or investment bank. Our analysts are
 party authors that include both professional investors and individual investors who may not be
